Move the exchange name to optional params (#2585)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/synapse-properties/inbound-endpoints/event-based-inbound-endpoints/rabbitmq-inbound-endpoint-properties.md

   </tbody>
</table>

!!! Note

>     The property rabbitmq.exchange.name is conditionally mandatory. If there is an existing queue with a binding, it will connect to it. And if there is no existent queue, the new rabbitmq.queue.name and rabbitmq.exchange.name are needed to create the binding.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The property rabbitmq.exchange.name becomes mandatory if you are trying to connect to a new queue, so that it can be bound to an exchange for messages to flow.

```
